README.md, before:

# SimulationStudio

[![smalltalkCI](https://github.com/LinqLover/SimulationStudio/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/LinqLover/SimulationStudio/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/LinqLover/SimulationStudio/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/LinqLover/SimulationStudio)

A developing suite of applications and tools for code simulation in [Squeak/Smalltalk](https://squeak.org).

Currently included features:

- **`SimulationStudio-Base`:** Provides abstract functionality for simulating stack frames by subclassing `SimulationContext` or `Simulator`.
- **`SimulationStudio-Support`:** Contains several simulation goodies and examples:
  - the `BenchmarkSimulator` for hardware-independent benchmark creation
  - the `CoverageSimulator` for bytecode-precise code coverage analysis
  - the `LimitSimulator` for hardware-independent calculation timeouts
- **`SimulationStudio-Sandbox`:** Execute Smalltalk code in an isolated environment without applying any side effects to the image.
  Also contains a light-weight alternative implementation of `MethodFinder` (see `Sandbox class >> #findSelectorsFor:arguments:thatAnswer:`).
- **`SimulationStudio-Tracing` (experimental):**
  Record and browse fine-granular stack traces.
  Integrates the [MessageSendRecorder](https://github.com/hpi-swa/MessageSendRecorder).

Check out the relevant classes for more details and usage instructions!

For more technical details, also read these announcement threads on the squeak-dev mailing list:

- [[ANN] SimulationStudio and sandboxed execution for Squeak](http://forum.world.st/ANN-SimulationStudio-and-sandboxed-execution-for-Squeak-td5127804.html)
- [News from SimulationStudio](http://lists.squeakfoundation.org/pipermail/squeak-dev/2021-November/216964.html)

## Installation

### ... using [Metacello](https://github.com/Metacello/metacello)

```smalltalk
Metacello new
	baseline: 'SimulationStudio';
	githubUser: 'LinqLover' project: 'SimulationStudio' path: 'packages';
	load.
```

### ... using [Squot](https://github.com/hpi-swa/Squot)

Open a git browser, clone the repository, and check out the latest commit from the default branch.
[Learn more](https://github.com/hpi-swa/Squot#getting-started-with-an-existing-remote-project) about using the git browser.

### ... as a dependency in your [Metacello baseline](https://github.com/dalehenrich/metacello-work/blob/master/docs/GettingStartedWithGitHub.md#create-baseline)

```smalltalk
spec baseline: 'SimulationStudio' with: [
	spec
		repository: 'github://LinqLover/SimulationStudio/packages';
		loads: 'SimulationStudio-Sandbox'].
```

## Contribution and bug reports

... are very welcome! Please feel free to submit bug reports, discuss design changes, or propose new extensions!

Commit message:

Adds protocol explorer to README.md

README.md, after:

# SimulationStudio

[![smalltalkCI](https://github.com/LinqLover/SimulationStudio/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/LinqLover/SimulationStudio/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/LinqLover/SimulationStudio/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/LinqLover/SimulationStudio)

A developing suite of applications and tools for code simulation in [Squeak/Smalltalk](https://squeak.org).

Currently included features:

- **`SimulationStudio-Base`:** Provides abstract functionality for simulating stack frames by subclassing `SimulationContext` or `Simulator`.
- **`SimulationStudio-Support`:** Contains several simulation goodies and examples:
  - the `BenchmarkSimulator` for hardware-independent benchmark creation
  - the `CoverageSimulator` for bytecode-precise code coverage analysis
  - the `LimitSimulator` for hardware-independent calculation timeouts
  - the `SimulationProtocolExplorer` which inspects an object and its protocol together with a speculatively evaluated preview of each message ([screenshots](https://github.com/LinqLover/SimulationStudio/pull/39#issue-1090737789))
- **`SimulationStudio-Sandbox`:** Execute Smalltalk code in an isolated environment without applying any side effects to the image.
  Also contains a light-weight alternative implementation of `MethodFinder` (see `Sandbox class >> #findSelectorsFor:arguments:thatAnswer:`).
- **`SimulationStudio-Tracing` (experimental):**
  Record and browse fine-granular stack traces.
  Integrates the [MessageSendRecorder](https://github.com/hpi-swa/MessageSendRecorder).

Check out the relevant classes for more details and usage instructions!

For more technical details, also read these announcement threads on the squeak-dev mailing list:

- [[ANN] SimulationStudio and sandboxed execution for Squeak](http://forum.world.st/ANN-SimulationStudio-and-sandboxed-execution-for-Squeak-td5127804.html)
- [News from SimulationStudio](http://lists.squeakfoundation.org/pipermail/squeak-dev/2021-November/216964.html)

## Installation

### ... using [Metacello](https://github.com/Metacello/metacello)

```smalltalk
Metacello new
	baseline: 'SimulationStudio';
	githubUser: 'LinqLover' project: 'SimulationStudio' path: 'packages';
	load.
```

### ... using [Squot](https://github.com/hpi-swa/Squot)

Open a git browser, clone the repository, and check out the latest commit from the default branch.
[Learn more](https://github.com/hpi-swa/Squot#getting-started-with-an-existing-remote-project) about using the git browser.

### ... as a dependency in your [Metacello baseline](https://github.com/dalehenrich/metacello-work/blob/master/docs/GettingStartedWithGitHub.md#create-baseline)

```smalltalk
spec baseline: 'SimulationStudio' with: [
	spec
		repository: 'github://LinqLover/SimulationStudio/packages';
		loads: 'SimulationStudio-Sandbox'].
```

## Contribution and bug reports

... are very welcome! Please feel free to submit bug reports, discuss design changes, or propose new extensions!
